in addition to my work as a beloved
American talk show host I am a feared
and respected TV judge some call me Ruth
Bader Ginsburg that's true from time to
time I hear cases along with my trusty
bailiff Guillermo these are real cases
with real litigants who have agreed to
put their legal fates in the very well
moisturize hands of Judge James this is
the plaintiff Jacques Leblanc
he claims he paid the defendant money
for rent but after three months he was
evicted and his personal belongings were
thrown away he's suing for 1815 towers
this is the defendant Latoya Burton she
says she was not paid rent and after
kicking the plaintiff out of her house
she safely placed all of its valuables
into a storage unit it's the case of
land lord have mercy
raise your right hand you were about to
witness is real the participants are not
actors they're actual litigants with a
case pending in civil court both parties
have agreed to drop their claims to have
their case decided here by Judge James
hi I'm Your Honour Judge James the
litigants are being threatened and you
honor Thank You bailiff Guillermo I've
read your testimony jacques leblanc is
suing latoya spearman Burton for 1800
$15 mr. LeBlanc you claimed you stayed
at Latoya's house for 3 months she
suddenly locked you out for no reason
she only allowed you to retrieve a few
items she put in a storage cabinet
outside and threw everything else away
is that correct that's correct Josie Ms
Burton you claim the plaintiff planned
to stay with you for only a couple of
weeks but after three months you had to
kick him out he put all his belongings
in an outside storage unit where he
retrieved everything correct
all right well mr. LeBlanc let's start
with you James hold on yeah you can sit
down oh I forgot Josh yeah well we all
forget things yeah anyway tell us what
transpired here we had talked with each
other and decided that I would stay
there to help her out with the bills and
stuff like that did
you pay any the business yes I did I
paid her rent did mr. Lefranc pay you
rent of course not he did not I did not
pay you right my lord you give it to I
gave it to you would you pay my rent do
you have a pen my landlord gave her
three hundred fifty one week a shoe and
the next day she went got her hair done
with the money she that is she to pay
the rent is your real name
Jacques Leblanc Jacques Renee Leblanc
I'm from Louisiana I'm for miss French
any relation to Matt LeBlanc from
friends no no mr. LeBlanc was there for
three months yes yes how much did you
pay her in three months I paid her about
at least about sixteen seventeen hundred
dollars seventeen you prove you may 16
$700 the judge sees I don't want to talk
to you because you're so mean sure she
is mean and Honore
but you say she's mean but she did let
you probably friend she had cuz no one
deals with her no one really do you have
other friends I sure do we name some of
them Tamika Yolanda Tamika Moore again
so bad just like I talked about you so
bad yeah friends let's get back to the
facts here did you get all of your
things
no I did not your honor yeah the list is
right there that the things that that
I'm looking through this list you're
missing ties and bowties black eye Rami
dress boots what's this about sex toys
I'm reading that's some craziness
are you missing sex toys oh um no I'm
not no I don't know your honor can I ask
them a question sure go ahead
how big is the toys the sex toys
she had a lot of she had a lot of you
know I don't do sex toys boo - you and I
have text messages please know well we
all have text messages right from me may
I read from the text you can
it's our bailiff or you read those text
aloud please oh this ain't a storage so
give him my damn key and come and get
you
over owner can I see well I think you
just did go to the recycle lot because
you not here Donny did you write this go
to the recycle yeah because you're not
here dummy hmm but you're saying it
wasn't at the recycle I'll come get your
stuff give me my key some of these texts
are very contentious now stop texting me
cuz in a church where your weed smoking
bipolar ass should be with pastor who
sent that I was in church she was and
did you give me my key I have to go to
the bathroom I'm gonna go to the time
then when I come back I'll rule on this
case all right all right keep an eye on
everything I will all right
this baby wipes in the right side thank
you
judge james deliver justice for Jacques
or lean toward Latoya and as this woman
Tanika Yolanda Tamika or Morgan Judge
James verdict when we return attention
this is an important announcement do you
suffer from diabetes mesothelioma gout
pancreatic cancer a workplace injury or
Crohn's disease put down the remote and
pick up the phone call the law offices
of Weinstein and O'Brian's Dean will sue
your disease Weinstein you know Bryan
Steve sues my fibromyalgia Thank You
Weinstein and O'Brien Steve we will
fight your own body for you don't delay
call today this resentful renter claims
the defendant tossed his treasures this
livid landlord says the plaintiff sex
toys were safely stored in the shed and
this board barrister is back from his
bathroom break Judge James is about to
rule let's listen you may be seated you
found that baby wipes that's none of
your business so I've been thinking
about this case and to be honest I have
a headache I don't know what to make of
any of this I went through these
receipts and it seems like you're
claiming full value for things that have
been used but I've come to a decision
I've decided that I'm going to award
money to both parties on one condition
that each of you say something nice
about the other I as a judge will
determine if it is nice enough who would
like to go first
other Oh Lord Jack no matter what we go
through we fight like cats and dogs I'd
be mad at him for every book
unfortunately I'd love to do that's very
sweet miss Burton jock
I'm gonna do better than that i award
$1000 to each party
all right a very heartfelt emotional
conclusion to the case let's bring in
both parties are you happy with Judge
James verdict yes I'm very happy you are
so I guess jock is moving back in you
have a thousand dollars worth the sex
toys coming your way I know you know I
don't know things I'm I'm pretty good
we're gonna get this all right on the
next judge James tell me about these
leggings she states that she believed
that the other roommates stole her
leggings but he's still the landlord if
you actually refer to California
tenant-landlord laws please don't
lecture me on the law no one knows more
about the law than I do
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape